docs(start): update `cloudflare-pages` deployment instructions (#2744)
TanStack/router: docs/framework/react/start/hosting.md

### Cloudflare Pages

> 1. Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying to Cloudflare, there are a few extra steps you'll need to complete before your users can start using your app.

1. Installation
```

First you will need to install `unenv`

```sh

> npm install -D unenv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install unenv
```

```

2. Update `app.config.ts`

> Set the `server.preset` value to `cloudflare-pages` and `server.unenv` value to `cloudflare` in your `app.config.ts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `server.preset` value to `cloudflare-pages` and the `server.unenv` value to the `cloudflare` from `unenv` in your `app.config.ts` file.
```

### Cloudflare Pages

> When deploying to Cloudflare, there are a few extra steps you'll need to complete before your users can start using your app.

Reviewer: Explicit callout of the "Cloudflare Pages" product.
```suggestion
When deploying to Cloudflare Pages, you'll need to complete a few extra steps before your users can start using your app.
```
